/**
* This file will outline some general conventions and instructions that should be followed while making the app
* so that the project is easily readable and editable by everyone and to minimize warnings and errors
*/

For XML layout files

    id -
        Every view in a layout file should contain an id
        The id should be the very last attribute in the XML tag
        ids should not contain capital letters
            No camelcase.  Not submitBttn but submit_bttn
                This is xml convention and not just android layout
        
    layout types -
        The main overall wrapping layout should never be a LinearLayout
            The exception to this is if the LinearLayout only contains other layouts
            The reason for this is LinearLayouts make it very hard to make subtle changes later on
            Try RelativeLayout for a similar difficulty-level but much more room to work with
    
    strings -
        You should never hardcode a string into a view.
            This means do not say android:text="Submit Water Report"
            Luckily, android makes an automatic way to fix this.
                1. Hardcode the string like I mentioned above.  A warning will appear.
                2. Click and place the cursor over the string.  A yellow lightbulb will appear on the left.
                3. Click on the lightbulb, and select "Extract String Resource"
                4. You can use the default settings, and press okay
                5. You're done!
            This allows you to access these strings in the Java and makes sweeping change much easier
            If you want to access these string values, go to res->values->strings.xml
            If you want to access a specific String in Java, call R.string.string_name
     
     sizes -
        For every size, you need to include a density.
            You cannot say size=25, but instead you may say something like size=25dp
            You should never use 'px', as it will not work on different screen sizes
            For text sizes, you should use sp.  textSize=12sp
            For everything else, you should use dp.
        
        
